Wednesday, 13th of Jan  
# Goal for today: Upgrade the NUC from Ubuntu 14.04 LTS to 18.04 LTS  
## Preface: Why 18.04? 
Ubuntu 18.04 LTS, while it isn't the latest version of ubuntu it sits at the perfect level of maturity.  
18.04 has been around long enough for the bulk of major errors and bugs to be ironed out. Additionally, the distro of ROS developed for 18.04 (Melodic) sits in the same level of majturity as a result.  
So both ubuntu 18.04 and ROS Melodic are at the right level of familiarity for bugs and issues to make them realtively easy to fix while also having a fair few years left on thier shelf life.  
In addition to this, it's often reccomended to stick with a slightly older version of ROS when working on legacy projects (projects that are at least a few years old and do not have an active dev team keeping them up to date).  
For a robotics project with software that is already four years old, this makes Ubuntun 18.04 and subsequently ROS Melodic Morenia the right choice for upgrading MARVIN's software.  
## Process 
The first step is backing up everything on the NUC, preparing a full system image backup to revert back to should anything go horribly wrong. This is typically what you would do when skipping versions of Ubuntu (say skipping from 14.04 to 17.04 for example). While I am not going to do that but rather incrementally upgrade, it's still a good idea to create a backup system image as there is a lot of important custom software for MARVIN that I would not be able to easily or quickly replicate again, software that would also render MARVIN somewhat inoperable without.
Before making any changes to software on the NUC, I made a copy of the home folder, where most of the custom software for MARVIN is stored. In addition I will make a full system image for backup before proceeding.  
