# Package migration to ROS Melodic 
## Background
Currently there's a few (somewhat) major roadblocks.  
The first being that the file structure for ROS (specifically the catkin workspace) is very different in melodic as opposed to Indigo.  
The second issue I've encountered is the lack of support for the segway RMP node! The github where it was hosted doesn't exist!!!  
Luckily I saved the package locally, a few different times so hopefully I should be able to recover it.   
  
## Steps forward
I want to make a visual map of all the packages + nodes and then do a stocktake of all the packages that have similar issues like the RMP control node.  
That way I can triage the most pressing (difficult) pieces of software to fix and leave the easier stuff for later (or when I may find myself waiting for advice from ROS gurus).  
  
I also want to look at the changelog across all the ROS distros from Indigo to Melodic, as I'm sure some issues will arise as a result of some fundamental changes between distros. Knowing (or at the very least having some vague level of understanding) will defintely help.  

## Results  
Forgetting to get a full list of all the ROS packages of the NUC (by runnning the command $ rospack list-names) has made things a tad more difficult porting all the software to the fresh ubuntu upgrade.  
However, with that being said - it only makes things marginally more difficult as there's a lot reciepts for what packages were used in Callum's thesis, in addition to a fully fledged map of the software.  
Today I managed to get rosserial, rosserial-arduino and joy packages installed on the melodic.  

## Moving forward
I need to do some more reading on how the rmp node works, and what I will need to modify to get it working on melodic, there's an 'rmpx' package whitch seems to be the 'upgraded' version (hence why the githup repo for the original package that was used doesn't exist anymore).  
So by the end of next week I hope to have found how to port it to melodic and if not I will reach out to Callum and possibly the original author of the package. 
