# Rolling back the software
## Background
After talking with Dale, going into detail as to how the new updated software wasn't working we decided it was best to instead roll back all the software to it's orginal state when MARVIN was operable (I.e. rolling back to Ubuntu 14.04 LTS, and ROS Indigo - and getting all the original packages running on that).  
This has certainly provied much more difficult than expected!  
Luckily, I backed up everything on MARVIn before attempted to upgrade the software, this was more for fear of losing the files in the upgrade proccess, or becuase I would instead have to do a fresh install of a new version of Ubuntu. Eitherway, a very good descision in hindsight.  
  
I first made a backup of the system I had (Ubuntu 18.04 LTS, ROS Melodic etc), and then a installed a fresh Ubuntu 14.04 and ROS Indigo.  
I set up the catkin workspace and then transplanted the original /home/ directory I backed up into the fresh install.  
  
I was still getting the same issues with the segway RMP package. I found that it could be installed via the apt - rather than directly from source (which was the main issue, installing from source is much more complicated and can be very tempermental especially when it's interfacing, interacting or within the same codebase as other complex source-built packages as was the case with MARVIN's software).  
After this I managed to get the RMP package to compile successfully!  
The next issue was with some of the kinect packages, `libfreenect2` and `iai_kinect2` not compiling. Exact same problem as I was having with `segway-rmp-ros-pkg`, the error was complaining about not being able to find the `CMakeLists.txt` for the `libfreenect2` which is a non-catkin (built with regular cmake) package, depended on by the catkin package `iai_kinect2` much the same as `libsegwayrmp` was a non catkin abstraction library that `segway-rmp-ros-pkg` (a catkin package) depended on. In fact it was the same issue when trying to `catkin_make` the `segway-rmp-ros-pkg` package, compilation failed because it couldn't find teh `CMakeLists.txt` for  `libsegwayrmp`.  
In attempted to fix this issue I unwittingly modified an important piece of configuration for the catkin source file directory. Because now, when running `catkin_make_isolated` it tells me it could not find any packages in `~/catkin_ws/src` when tehre are packages (packages that were succesfully compiled previously - with the exception being `iai_kinect2` and an additional package that was the only package left be compile after it).  

This problem is particularly strange, because there are is only one specific source for this issue - with only three ways it could result in this issue! 
The ~/.bashrc file is the only place (to the best of my knowledge anyway) where this information is configured.  
With the only ways this could go wrong being:  

1. Not appending the `ROS_PACKAGE_PATH` environment variable to include the `catkin_ws/src` directory and / or not including the native ROS_PACKAGE_PATH (/opt/ros/indigo/share).  
2. Not sourcing both of the setup bash files (`/opt/ros/indigo/setup.bash` and `~/catkin_ws/devel/setup.bash`), or sourcing them in the wrong order (i.e. sourcing the catkin bash file before the native ros bash file)
3. Not having packages in both package paths (see isssue 1.)  
  
The thing that has me genuinly stumped is, I've made sure it's none of teh above!
The last few lines of my `~/.bashrc` file are as follows:  
```````  
source /opt/ros/indigo/setup.bash
source ~/catkin_ws/devel/setup.bash

export ROS_PACKAGE_PATH=$ROS_PACKAGE_PATH:~/catkin_ws  
```````
1. `ROS_PACKAGE_PATH` has been appended to include the catkin directory - and when I run `$ echo $ROS_PACKAGE_PATH` it returns both the native and catkin package path, (`/opt/ros/indigo/share` and `~/catkin_ws` respectively). So it can't be catkin and ROS not knowing where the packages are, the error itself specifices `can't find packages in catkin_ws/src`)  
2. As shown above the two setup bash files have been sourced in the correct order.  
3. I haven't made any changes to the source directories themselves, and I have checked that the source files for these packages *are in fact* in both directories.  
  
I'm absolutelyl stumped, and if I can't find a solution quickly, I'm afraid I will have to do a clean wipe + reinstall of MARVIN's software, which will be very time consuming!  

## Steps forward  
I think I am going to recruit the help of some experience ROS devs, make some forum posts and possibly talk to some connections Dale has and Will Browne.   
But I want to make sure I've tried absolutely everything I can thinnk of before I do.   
  
Additionally, I should put together a bash script to run from a fresh install that downloads and installs all of MARVIN's software, so the next person who comes along and works on him can easily understand what I've done, how he works and most importantly, how to do a clean slate if they mess up his software as I have so many times!  

## Results  
So before I did anything drastic I wanted to see if creating a new catkin workspace, and transplating all the sources for teh packages over fixed anything.  
I renamed the `catkin_ws directory` I had to something else and made a new catkin workspace, by running the following:  
````````
mkdir catkin_ws && cd catkin_ws  
mkdir src
catkin_make
````````
I then took all the package directories from my old `catkin_ws/src` directory (which is now `catkin_ws-problematic/src/`) and copied them into my current, remade `catkin_ws/src`.  
To check it had worked I ran `catkin_make` again. And it worked! It compiled most packages successfully!  
  
No I'm back to my *original* issue. It can't compile the `sensor_pipeline` package.   
When running `catkin_make` I get the following terminal output:   
```````````
```````````
