# Porting Old ROS Packages Part 3: The Segway RMP and catkin_make debacle!

## Background
The Catkin build environement, and subsequently how ROS packages work alltogether is proving more complex and difficult to understand than previously thought.  
After finally discovering that the master branch on the most up to fate Segway RMP ROS package actually contains a fully breaking error (i.e. the package does not compile after downloading it!!)  
and subsequently, discovering an alternative 'stable' branch (which isn't the master??) I managed to get a build that compiled. Or so I thought...  
Despite the package sitting in the `ROS_PACKAGE_PATH` which was: `/opt/ros/meodic/share`, running `$ catkin_make`* didn't result in any build of the rmp package.  
Now this does make sense as within the the directory of this package (which for reference is called `segway_rmp-rosbuild`) there is no `package.xml` file, which means catkin will see the directory and decide it is not a package.  
I found that within `segway_rmp-rosbuild` however, there was what appeared to be two more directories: `segway_rmp_demos` and `segway_rmpX`.  
Within `segway_rmpX` is a 'launch', 'msg' and 'src' directory, along with a `CMakieLists.txt` - which lead me to believe it is a package. Although I did wonder whether or not it really is supposed to be used as a package, because I find the absence of an actual `package.xml` file to be very strange.  
In anycase however, I copied the `segway_rmpX` directory into the `ROS_PACKAGE_PATH` directory (opt/ros/melodic/share) along with the `catkin_ws/src` directory and copied into both of these `segway_rmpX` directories a `package.xml` file from another (*functional*) package in order to get the package to actually build when running `$ catkin_make`* but to no avail.   
The CMake process that it calls returned an error: `[rosbuild] rospack found package "src" at "", but the current directory is "/home/marvin/catkin_ws/src/segway_rmpX`  

## Steps forward today
I am really stumped by this! I'm going to do some more reading up on catkin and how ROS packages really work, because I feel this issue comes from a very fundamental mis-understanding on my part. Which would explain why trawling through forums doesn't result in *any* relevant results.  
**With that all being said** I've found that for some reason the change I made to `ROS_PACKAGE_PATH` didn't stick! When running `$ echo $ROS_PACKAGE_PATH` it only returns `/opt/ros/melodic/share`  it *should* be also returning the `/catkin_ws/src` directory....
  
*before running `$ catin_make` I also ensure the catkin environment is appropriatly setup i.e. I follow all the steps outlined in the [ROS Wiki](http://wiki.ros.org/catkin/Tutorials/create_a_workspace).  
I've sourced the correct bash file, and navigated to the `catkin_ws` directory
