# Porting old ROS packages Part 4: RMP developments and porting Callum's source code
## The RMP situation
After talking to Callum he found a new more up to date rmp driver package for ROS (Melodic). The only catch is the software requires custom drivers for the RMP - and the custom firmware can;t loaded onto any RMP it has to be 'upgraded' by the dev team. They reccomend reaching out to them, and that's what I've done, so hopefully they'll get back to us soon.  
In the meantime, and for if the new RMP software is a no-go for whatever reason, Callum reeccomended the tried and true method of porting old software:  
- build from source
- work dependance by dependance, error by error (and it's probably best to also, enlist the help of someone with more in-depth experience in building third-party libraries from source)
 
## The source code
To get Callum's source code to work with ROS Melodic, (and without any software for the RMP!) means making a few modifications.  
So far this has worked with ROS Melodic on my own personal machine (Running Ubuntu 18.04 LTS with ROS Melodic)  
- `marvin_2dnav`  
  Requires: `joy` and `move-base-msgs`  
  Standard installation just run:  
  `$ sudo apt install ros-melodic-<PACKAGE_NAME>`  
    
- `torso_control`  
  Requires: `torso_animator.cpp` to be modified. At the top of the file is an include statement: `#include "segwayrmp/segwayrmp.h"` this line needs to be commented out.  
This will allow the two packages to build nicely with catkin. However, they have yet to be tested! This will have to be done when I am not sick and back on Campus, hopefully tomorrow, but may be later this week!
